Add tutorial to README (#2)
fugue/regula-ci-example: README.md

# regula-ci-example

[Regula](https://github.com/fugue/regula) is a tool that evaluates Terraform infrastructure-as-code for potential security misconfigurations and compliance violations prior to deployment. This repo contains examples of using [regula] in CI.

> Regula is currently set up with the following CI systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is currently set up with the following CI systems:
```
